In order to run the project, you need to install NodeJS and Vite on your local computer. Also make sure you have homebrew isntalled. Your local computer also needs to have the latest version of Python installed. Once you have all of these installed on your computer, open the zip file and get all of the files necessary for the program. Once all the files are downloaded and everything is right, you need to start the localhost (since we included Google Maps API). This can be done by running python3 -m http.server 8000. Then, on Google Chrome, enter localhost:8000 in the url bar. This will now run the program on your local computer. If prompted to a directory, enter http://localhost:8000/JEENA-Project/ into the URL bar to get access to our actual project.

In order to run the project on the display, simply enter http://cpsc484-04.yale.internal:8888/?project=JEENA-Project into the URL bar. Now, you should be able to see the project on the display!


This project allows students to discover new places around the New Haven area. This project is different from simply searching something up on Google because it has input from other students themselves. Students are able to give their favorite places, and they're encouraged to send in places that are niche and less known by the student population. In this way, students can find new places to eat at or relax.

For our tasks in Assignment 5, one of them has a bit of a change. One of our tasks was "Eye catching and relevant “sleep” screen to catch bypassers while also allowing for feedback." However, we got a point taken off because it was not described as a task. So, in order to edit the task, we planned on implementing a scrolling list of random events occurring in New Haven in the sleep screen. This would be eye catching and cause the students to stop and look at our display. We were able to accomplish this and our home screen has a scrolling list of events that people can look at as they're walking by. Our second task was to display maps of the New Haven area with clear indicators of the locations where people have shown interest. We were able to implement this feature by integrating the Google Maps API into our project. Once on the map, students would be able to see the comments that previous students have left for why they love that location. For the constraints, this project doesn't really have that many. You have to stand a bit close to the display and make sure you're using your left hand to hover. Try to keep your right hand down by your side. In addition, the hover is very sensitive, so try to keeo your hand steady in order to hover over your selection.

COLLABORATION REPORT:

Ariana Delgado ad2528: I figured out how to implement the Google Maps API by starting a local host. In addition, I was able to learn how to use npm in order to "npm run build" the map files and actually have them work with our project. After this, I was able to edit the actual map window in order to include the comments by the students that submitted our Google Form. I edited the Google Maps API to include the markers for each of the locations that people suggested. I also went to office hours and was present during our class time (April 25) to see how our project would work on the display. I worked with the TA's to figure out how to debug our project, since it was not working on the display initially. With their help, I was able to debug the project and get the kienct display to work (previously it had only been working on localhost:8000 but not the actual display). I also made the README.md file along with submitting the project and making sure all the files are right.     

  
Jessie Cheung jc3775
My main contribution was to connect the website to the Kinect sensor, which makes the left wrist act as a cursor. This was an all-night and day endeavor, to try and connect to the display and first have the program work on my computer. Then, I needed to connect the feedback from the Kinect positioning, transpose it to the dimensions of the computer/screen with respect to the body pelvis. I then had to track a hovering counter with the DOMRect objects, and then click after a certain amount of time. I configured the buttons to increase in saturation according to the progress of when the hovering will trigger the click. I also made the QR form, QR code, QR code page, and the automatic refresher after 10 seconds to redirect to the home page. I included a home and exit button (that redirects to QR page) on the prompt page as well as included those icons in the index.html file. I worked with Ariana Delgado on figuring out the display local host problems with the 2 TAs at our display after my all-nighter, and tried to get the home and exit buttons on the map pages as well. I communicated my availability and made sure that my contributions would not impact the others' work before I was able to work on my own. I communicated in the group chat what things could be done and when I expected to finish mine by. 

Lee Muita lnm39
After scoping out the Kinect capturing capactiy and seeing how much of the screen the user was able to comfortably access, I redesigned the pages of the website for accessibility purposes to ensure that user could get to every button comfortably. I redesigned the pages again to create a more minimalist style for better user comfort and sourced and implemented creative commons-licensed icons for use in the application to avoid copyright infringement and/or later costs. I conducted contextual inquiries and observations with friends of various heights and abilities using various positionings of the buttons on the screen to see which one was most accessible to most users (and inform possible further changes in UX design). I also gathered information from Yale clubs and organizations and New Haven spaces about events in Yale and New Haven that I used to upgrade the sleep screen with rolling advertisements (which could possibly open us up to sponsorship once fully fleshed out). I implemented better file management structure into the file base for easier product management. Finally, I reviewed the code and cleaned up some noise and clutter.
